Practical file questions:-

Experiment - 1:-
            Questions:-
                  1. Write a program showing the implementation of array concatenation.
                  2. Write a program showing the implementation of Linear search.
                  3. Write a program showing the implementation of Binary search.
                  4. Write a program showing the implementation of Matrix Multiplication.
            Viva:-
                  1. What is the difference between Linear search and Binary search?
                  2. What happens if we apply Binary search algorithm to a sorted linked list?

Experiment - 2:-
            Questions:-
                  1. Write a program showing the implementation of Stack and Queue with array.
                  2. Write a program to implement two stacks using single array.
            Viva:-
                  1. How stacks are different from arrays?
                  2. Explain the overflow and underflow conditions?
                  3. What is static implementation?

Experiment - 3:-
            Questions:-
                  1. Write a program showing the implementation of Linked list
                  2. Write a program for the insertion (at beginning,end and any position) in a Linked list.
                  3. Write a program for the deletion (at beginning,end and any position) in a Linked list.
                  4. Write a program for the reverse of a Linked list
            Viva:-
                  1. Why to prefer Linked list over arrays?
                  2. Is it better to implement stack using array or Linked list?
                  3. Is there any disadvantage of Linked list?
                  4. How will you find the middle element of a singly linked list without iterating the list more than once?

Experiment - 4:-
            Questions:-
                  1. Write a program showing the implementation of Doubly and Circular linked list?
                  2. Write a program for the insertion (at beginning,end and any position) in a Doubly and Circular linked list.
                  3. Write a program for the deletion (at beginning,end and any position) in a Doubly and Circular linked list.
                  4. Write a program for the reverse of a Doubly and Circular linked list.
            Viva:-
                  1. What are the advantages of using Doubly linked list?
                  2. What do you mean by slow and fast pointer?
                  3. What all pointers are required for implementating heterogenous linked list?
                  4. What is a header?

Experiment - 5:-
            Questions:-
                  1. Write a program showing the implementation of Stack and Queue with Linked list.
            Viva:-
                  1. Write applications of queue?
                  2. What is priority queue?
                  3. Why circular queue is beneficial over normal queue?

Experiment - 6:-
            Questions:-
                  1. Write a program to create a Binary tree and perform traversal ( pre-order, post-order, Inorder)
                  2. Write a program to create a Binary search tree and perform traversal ( pre-order, post-order, Inorder)
            Viva:-
                  1. How do you find the distance between two nodes in a Binary tree?
                  2. What is a self balanced tree?
                  3. How to check whether the two trees are equivalent?
                  4. How a Binary tree is represented in memory?

Experiment - 7:-
            Questions:-
                  1. Write a program showing the implementation of Insertion sort?
                  2. Write a program showing the implementation of Merge sort?
                  3. Write a program showing the implementation of Selection sort?
                  4. Write a program showing the implementation of Quick sort?
                  5. Write a program showing the implementation of Bubble sort?
                  6. Write a program showing the implementation of Heap sort (can be either min or max heap)?
            Viva:-
                  1. What is the difference between internal and external sorting?
                  2. Make a chart of complexities of all sorting algorithms.

Experiment - 8:-
            Questions:-
                  1. Write a program to implement searching using hashing method?
                  2. Write a program to create a graph and perform DFS and BFS?
            Viva:-
                  1. Explain what is a graph?
                  2. Under what circumstances DFS is preferred over BFS?